From Hollywood, California, nearing the end of our meltdown comics run, it's sad again.
It might be the beginning of a whole new thing, nonetheless, Harmontown is now in session.
The following is with Spencer Crittenden and Rob Schrab.
Are you all right? I just murdered a guy's toes.
I think it's our protest mentor, isn't it? We're talking about protesting, and then I never protested anything.
I'm spitting all over you. It's vodka. Bad start. Bad start. Take charge, Harmon. Fuck you people.
Don't show weakness. What is this? I want to see in the back.
Wait, are these new glasses you're wearing?
They're one of two pairs of glasses I got. The kids...
Those look like new glasses, Dan.
A lot of you guys, some of you don't need glasses. A lot of you do. You're 25, I always assume.
I imagine a massive, like...
I'm 46.
Spencer can't make it. Okay.
Can I just have an empty chair?
I don't know, it feels wrong.
Who's in my living room right now?
Oh. Okay, fine.
Now you know the backstory.
She's outside the window.
A lot of you are just straight up myopic or something like you. You have bad eyes. You were born with them.
We've been tampering with evolution for a while.
What does your eyesight do to get you non-reproductively viable in the First World Empire,
which has been raging for long enough to spread a lot of bad eyesight?
How did you know when Caveman's eyes went bad?
Caveman didn't live till past 20 anyway.
What I'm saying is, my audience, you're probably born with bad eyes. You're Harmon fans.
I, 2020, solid gold carrot, night vision fucking, like, see-through walls all the time.
I have what's called a stigmatism.
My eyeballs aren't perfectly round. Whoop-de-doo.
So the next time you're telling me white privilege, fuck you.
There's some shit you gotta deal with.
My eyeballs are not perfectly round.
Apparently that means as I get older, now I'm 44, so as I get older now,
my vision is getting worse from both ends.
So I'm not blowing anyone's mind with this. It's just frustrating.
It's like a Louis C.K. bit or something.
You just have this conversation with an optometrist.
So what are you saying?
They go, like, look at this. Now look at that with the lenses.
And they go, okay, so here's the thing.
The reason your phone's blurry is because you can't see some stuff up close.
The reason the sign's blurry far away is because some stuff really far away.
So you want two pairs of glasses?
What? Excuse me, what?
Bad eyesight. Jesus Christ.
Sounds like you're talking about some bad eyesight.
What's amazing, you guys, no spoilers, but this is all elaborate me undies ad.
So I'm wearing, I decided, I don't know why.
I got two pairs of glasses. One's for reading, so I can look at my phone.
These are for, literally, the purpose of these is so that I can read to Cody
when she's taken her contacts out the forensic files,
summaries on the TV.
That's the only use that these have, but I've been wearing them around
because I'm told by some people, like, well, you're supposed to wear them
so that your eyes adjust. I don't, I hate it.
They're like $300 frames. They're Johnny Varvatos.
I thought they were Johnny Varvatos.
The very one.
Is he out? Did he fucking make bail?
Hey, Johnny. Hey, Johnny, man. Hey, Johnny.
I think he's the last Ramon, right?
Hey, Johnny. Johnny, my man, Johnny.
Want an apple? Hey, Johnny. Come over and get some apples, Johnny.
Johnny, free apples for Johnny Varvatos. Everybody.
Where's my special glasses? Why are you drinking from the red solo cup?
I put them on my shirt because I don't eat them.
No, no, you're red, you're solo cup. You're Jane Cook glasses.
Oh, those glasses. Oh, yeah.
Yeah, well, where were those?
I don't know.
Oh, maybe they were stolen. Started Kickstarter.
I don't know. I don't know where they are.
We'll find out.
They're being scuttled out.
A lot of fuckups. That's why we're leaving.
Well, we're gonna, for the next couple of weeks we are gonna,
it's not tonight. There's nothing special tonight.
But I'm sorry, I keep spitting. I'm sorry, the gobs have spit.
They don't sit there because they don't want to get spit on.
Well, but it's not, but it's, they don't know.
Okay, here's, I don't want to derail the show,
but if anybody has like a small pair of scissors,
we've done this before. We did it in San Francisco.
Honestly.
We just want to do a small tracheotomy.
Just the walrus hairs coming out of it.
Can Paul the whip guy in the front row,
can you whip his mustache hairs off?
No, don't do that.
Uh, anybody, does anybody have mustache scissors on them?
I got my ears and nose waxed today.
Because it's gonna keep happening otherwise.
Because I drink and then it, and then it, these are, that won't work.
Any takers?
Alright. Or a straw.
Or a match. A straw.
A match.
A knife.
Um, alright, well let's keep the show rolling.
Let's keep it rolling.
Alright, so I want to, what, what was the,
what happened with United Airlines today?
Something happened where there was like a family
that was barred from getting on.
All I know is I saw Twitter line up and the,
the end result of what I saw was it seemed like America,
American parents were divided down the middle
on how old their daughters should be
before they could be regarded as too hot to get on a plane.
What?
No, it was, I saw a headline that said
two, two women were not allowed on because of leggings.
But it was like employee, they were past passengers
which meant that they were employees of United,
like they were flying for free
because they were friends of the company or something.
So it was a more archaic dress code
that they employ for, they have a higher standard
for friends of the airline that get on the plane.
But it's like, it just called everybody's attention
to like this weird archaic thing.
Like in this random incident really,
you're talking about probably a short fuse blown
by somebody who's just like, like,
hey, what, close your legs, Missy.
I mean, if we, if we, if we haven't seen
disgusting shit on an airplane by now,
what country are we living in?
Like, I, I...
Gerard, Gerard de Bardoux peed in first class.
I would, I would like...
He's not in Guantanamo right now.
I would like to open the books about what's allowed
on an airplane as far as like fashion is concerned
and things like that.
I'd like to, I'd like to...
You know, but I don't want to, like,
maybe your feet are really tired.
I don't want to tell one gross person,
don't take off your shoes.
Like, like, like, because, like,
even though I don't want to look at your feet
at the same time, I don't know,
airplanes are a hard place to be.
Some lady put her feet on your head.
One thing's for sure,
we don't all look like a Mormon choir
when we get on the plane.
Like, we're fucking, like, everybody puts on their sweat pants
and yoga pants and hats and leg braces and...
I transform into a pickup.
Uh...
Are you iron-eyed?
I'm part of a larger set of toys
that you can only get at Christmas.
It's like 35 bucks for it.
There's me and there's a helicopter
and we all attach to the airplane.
It's not cool like Voltron.
It doesn't turn into a robot,
but it turns into a big, giant, clunky airplane
that has a pickup truck on the top.
My parents are divorced.
It's a bad Christmas.
This is just 80s humor.
Just, uh...
All right, let's bring up Brandon Johnson.
Yay!
If you need a suit, come to Johnny Vaughn bottles.
Get your suit down here at Johnny Vaughn bottles.
Johnny Vaughn bottles!
Free apples.
But there are a lot of people...
In my Twitter feed, there are people arguing.
They're going like,
but she was 10 years old.
That's not a teenager,
but it was like the original thing.
And then there were people posting...
I saw a guy post a picture of his 10-year-old daughter
going,
here's my 10-year-old daughter in leggings.
Is that obscene?
And I was like,
all right, slow down.
A creepy Uncle Mark.
That's not your daughter.
It's just like...
It's just like the sound of permission
rang out to a certain demo.
And they said,
oh, what if they're 10 years old
and they're too sexy for leggings?
You know in America,
we're sort of like,
would I fuck it?
Would I don't care?
But it's kind of like...
Obviously you would not fuck that joke.
That joke is ugly.
But there is a really weird thing.
If you put that joke in some leggings, though.
One of my favorite non-pornographic little areas
I visit on YouTube,
legs lavish,
which is,
hosiery reviews,
foreign by women.
I'm sure it is.
I don't think a lot of their audience is women.
But it's like,
it's not...
I mean,
you have to have an extreme leg,
foot,
and specifically in hosiery fetish,
like they're not...
The rules of pornography are really weird.
Famously, they're totally subjective.
And YouTube pulled...
They pulled somebody...
Also, it's just about who complains about what.
Like, all of a sudden one day,
legs lavish was like shut down
because somebody was like,
I just think that's a really funny thing
to be simultaneously on the side of purity
and basically confessing
that you recognize something as sexual.
It's its own kink.
Whoever smelt a delta should definitely apply
to pornography.
Because the Supreme Court judge that famously said,
he said,
I don't know pornography.
I don't know what...
I know it when I see it.
And that's a fair enough...
That's probably the most judicial thing you can say
when you're policing something like pornography
and basically...
That was the famous case of Smelted vs. Delta.
Well, isn't that where the Dalmatian video
from the community...
The guy...
He got shut down because of the same thing.
And it wasn't because of us, I don't think.
No.
It wasn't because we drew attention to it.
It was shut down before that.
Legs lavish?
It's hosiery reviews for women by women.
Are the legs...
The legs are lavished in hosiery.
Which they can be.
They're British.
Are the legs lavishing things?
No, their legs are being lavished with high quality hosiery.
They should be called lavished legs.
And they're telling you whether or not you should buy them.
Harmonies are right for a pipsite.
These legs are lavished.
With hosiery.
Occultremont, if you will.
Thank you.
I subscribed to Brandon's porn site
called Upscale Nation of Islam.
For the ladies.
Why just have one small clip on bowtie?
Why don't have better bowties?
We call it bean pies made by these thighs.
All your Muslim needs...
Stopped a man, but you don't want to get arrested?
This tasteful librarian from the 30s will teach you how.
I ain't down for this shit, but I also might work at Brooks Brothers.
We can't always be like, you know, British rock cool.
Some of us...
That's a compliment, goddammit!
Man, y'all look tricky tonight.
I knew this bowtie was a failure!
But it's one of those rare nights where you and I are both dressed up.
Sometimes it's usually one or the other.
Yeah, I usually wear an orange suit, jump suit, big...
Big footies.
I see you picking up trash in that 101.
But you are always stellarly dressed.
Round of applause for Jeff Davis.
That's what you do right before you put somebody down.
Because queers need love.
That was like a classic roast setup.
Back when it was funny to be queer.
You can order the roast videos.
Another thing that's been phased out that you kids should be grateful for.
Sometimes at the drawing room you take a little trip back in time socially.
I was told I was a lucky guy today because I was with my girlfriend.
You know, millennials may not hear you're a lucky guy as much because it seems...
It means I want to fuck your girlfriend in front of you.
And you're too ugly to fuck her.
Congratulations on the acquisition of something out of your league.
It kind of just offends everybody except possibly hypothetically a woman with incredibly low self-esteem
who might be standing there being told that the man she's currently fucking is luckier
than the man who's saying to the other man in front of her, I'd like to fuck her.
What was your response?
Thank you.
She has her moments.
Every day of my life is the first eight minutes of a horror movie set in the Appalachians.
I just don't want anyone to eat me or beat me up.
I just want directions to the next gas station so I can keep that movie from crossing the threshold.
You're a lucky guy.
Thank you.
Thank you, sir.
Another drink, please.
Just keep making TV.
They won't eat you.
I am a lucky guy.
I am a fucking lucky guy.
Like, you'd have to be less lucky than me to be offended quickly enough to be a gentleman
and go, excuse me, sir.
I mean, who's going to take somebody to school?
I mean, he was 70.
You're doing the cold open to get out right now, by the way.
Well, I don't know.
I'm the only person that hasn't seen Get Out yet.
I want to start like a little group.
Well, they hate you for not having seen it.
They're actually mad that you haven't seen it.
But my screener from Moonlight came and I watched it right away.
You will watch a man jerk off another man.
But you will not watch a man escape to freedom.
He's got you.
He's got you there.
Because there's no screener.
He's right.
Enjoy your privilege.
Yep.
I will say Moonlight, definitely.
Wait, what one best director?
La La Land.
See, that's a big step.
Moonlight, I didn't see La La Land.
I'm white enough.
I've seen the art for it and I just know that's going to make me golf.
I don't need that in my life.
I'm still trying to get Moulin Rouge out of my ear.
But I thought that Moonlight was brilliantly directed.
I don't know from La La Land.
I don't know.
I guess it's hard to direct people going La La's and stuff.
It is definitely like this was directed well, kind of screams off of Moonlight.
I have a pet peeve about slice of life movies because I work so hard all day trying to figure out what should happen next.
And then when shit just kind of lays out and you leave the movie on, that was well directed.
There's a part of me, the writer part of me is like, you better not give the best picture.
Yeah.
Because it takes more, you're going to do that plus.
But it was like, so the patience and the, you know, where the camera was and also like the more, yeah, whatever.
I'm not going to tell you why Moonlight was good.
What the fuck am I doing?
I was impressed though.
It passed like this incredible litmus test because I like hit the wrong button and I think my dog sitter might have put Moonlight in the Blu-ray player.
Something some happened.
That's why I was like half drunk and like I hit a button and Moonlight started playing.
I had no idea what the fuck it was.
I like had one sock on and was like.
You accidentally watched Moonlight.
Yeah, like seven minutes.
He accidentally watched Moonlight because his dog sitter might have put it in there.
What's it going to take to get him to see get out?
I don't get that reference, but I'm sure something terrible happened.
I got to drink a bowl of cum.
The way horror movies have been going, there's like one moment in every horror movie.
There's always a thing.
There's always a bowl of cum.
Don't breathe.
It has a bowl of cum in it.
Spoilers.
Wait.
Wait, they can't breathe because they have a mouthful of cum.
It's not why they can't breathe.
I can't breathe.
They can't breathe because.
Sir.
You can't breathe.
I can't breathe.
I also didn't ask you to drink that bowl of cum.
I've almost finished.
That was for my guests.
We're supposed to be here robbing a blind man.
Why did you bring a bowl of cum?
You can breathe.
Well, now I feel stupid.
Let's go rob that blind guy's house.
Don't you think, I've heard blind people can hear better.
Well, you know what makes you real quiet?
No.
Let's open that cooler in the back seat.
What are these three bowls of what looks like coconut milk
and what smells like paper mache?
Yeah, that's what it is.
Tastes like pineapple.
I feel so racist because I'm picturing little Asian bowls
on like beautiful ice like a seafood buffet.
Are you saying that's racist because you're imagining
white people cum in smaller portions?
Let's settle this right now.
I'm racist.
I'm picturing these little bowls.
It was the bowls.
That doesn't make you racist.
That makes you art department.
And that makes you homophobic.
When I was a kid, I had a friend named Kent who,
he was a white dude and he was a freaky ass white dude
and we were all jumping up on the mattresses
and he was like, let's get naked.
So we get naked.
We get naked and he's like spread your ass cheeks.
I've never seen inside of black dudes.
But at which point, don't act like this hasn't happened
all of us.
So at which point...
Dan hasn't seen get out yet, so...
Spoiler alert.
I feel like I'm not even going to finish my story now.
I'm just going to leave you motherfuckers right there.
No, no, no, no, no, no. Finish the story.
I'm going to walk you back.
How old are you at this point?
I was 18.
No, I was...
I had to be, I was about five.
I was about five years old.
So I do my duty.
You know, I'm doing the right thing.
You know, I spread my butt cheeks.
Yes.
So I go, motherfucker, your turn.
Your turn.
So he spread his butt cheeks and he had toilet tissue stuck.
And I thought, don't, don't, don't be grossed out yet.
Hold your roll.
So I thought, oh my God, if brown people poop brown,
white people must poop white.
Just like the plot of Get Out.
So you said he had white poop stuck in his white butt.
What else was I supposed to think?
I mean, the story, just like you say,
white poop stuck in his white butt.
Like, it's like something, it's like something
Fred Sanford would say to somebody to kick him out.
He'd get the fuck out of here.
Take your white poop and your white butt,
and get the fuck out.
I mean, your story asks a lot more questions than an answer.
Well, I'd like to know more about this friendship.
Not that we all didn't have, like we were,
that's what childhood happens.
And, you know, like...
And then what happened?
What happened exactly?
That's why we watched Transformers.
Right, right.
We continued to jump on mattresses.
Oh, yeah.
But naked or did you get re-robed and...
I mean, at that point I was freaked out.
We got re-robed.
No, we stagnated.
So, he was like six years old,
but he was playing the race card.
Like, he said, he like made it racial
because he wanted to see your butthole.
It's true.
It's very early, it starts.
That's pretty villainous.
I guess pretty villainous.
But don't, Dan, don't just...
He's not saying that I think my butthole's better
than your butthole.
He's saying I...
I guess he's a kid and he's using whatever he can use.
Don't you think he would say,
I've never seen a short person's butthole?
Exactly.
I've never seen a blonde person's butthole.
Consciousness of race may be present
in very early youth, but it's not always sinister.
I was picturing it as like, he was abusing a power dynamic.
Like, he was like,
I've never seen a black person's butthole,
so now show it to me.
No.
Complete me.
I showed it to him and he said,
you're really a lucky guy.
You're a lucky fucking guy.
Also, what Brandon hasn't told you,
is the story takes place on the catamaran in Cancun.
I'm trying to remember...
It's a great way to lick a somebody's butthole.
Like, you can just pretend that...
We showed each other our dicks, like, a lot.
Like, I said that,
me and Brian across the street when we were like that age,
we had...
I don't remember what penis parties were,
but I remember telling my parents about penis parties.
I think it was just me and Brian from across the street.
We would run into the bushes,
I think we'd just pull out our junk and like,
our junk, what am I, a skateboarder?
What am I, a Comedy Central show?
Our cocks, our hard six-year-old cocks.
Tungsten, fucking...
But the thing that sticks out of my memory
is just telling us we would run giggling,
because we thought the word penis was funny
and the alliteration and stuff,
and then we were like, we just had a penis party
and our parents being like,
it's the 70s, okay.
Your parents were like, sort of the way, but different.
Yeah, yeah, get out of here.
We were having a fondue pineapple fucking...
in the match game, and it's fucking.
No, it wasn't.
My parents were the same as they are now.
They just wore like shower curtains.
Ah, the 70s.
Hey, do you guys think United should let little girls
with leggings...
I don't know, okay, alright.
Oh, today is the 75th anniversary
of the flash dance reference
that you see in every fucking animated movie
that nobody knows what it is.
Ask them if they know what it is.
They don't.
Listen to their silence.
Every time there's a fucking animated movie
that involves dancing,
an animated character will go over to a chair
and it will cut to a side view of them
and they'll pull a chain and water will come down.
That is a reference to a 1930s Lumiere Brothers movie
called Flash Dance that none of us, me included,
have ever seen, and they just keep referencing it.
And because the director of those movies
that you're watching are my age,
and they grew up on references to that movie.
References to it.
It's Flash Dance.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
75th anniversary of that reference makes no fucking sense.
Wait, what did you recently see that referenced in?
That sing movie.
You know, there was an ad,
there was like a billboard with a pig,
there's water coming down on the pig.
Nick Roll's character.
And then I was sitting in the rustic inn today
and Shrek 9 was playing over someone's shoulder.
And I saw like a chipmunk was like,
I love these cookies and he helps her dance about them
and then water came down.
I don't know what Shrek it was.
They probably do it in every Shrek.
75th anniversary of that bit.
Do you think like the last Shrek
was doing references to the first Shrek?
Could be.
Don't know.
Can't tell my Shrek's part.
Why was that bad?
I got groaned.
Oh God.
What happened?
I've never seen a Shrek.
I've never seen the Shrek's.
Not the first one.
I've seen.
It's no get out.
I watched Dead Ringers today with Jeremy Irons.
He came over?
No.
Me and Jeremy Irons.
Why didn't you invite me over too?
You just have movie dates with Jeremy Irons?
Come on, let's watch it.
When was the last time you said it?
Well, it's the premiere.
There's another thing in this Shrek thing
that I saw in the bar over someone's shoulder.
They were doing a walk and talk
and it was like a mall
and they were walking past malls, medieval malls.
So the joke area is obviously,
okay, they're in a mall,
but it's like fairy tale times.
And there wasn't even three of them.
There was just one that said versarchery.
You've got to work harder than that.
You've got seven years to write these jokes.
Wait, was that like Versace?
Yeah.
Versarchery?
I was saying even,
and then the table was going like,
I mean, come on, throw it to a room.
You get years.
It wasn't like it was built into the plot.
It was like that joke is the last thing you can write.
And then we were like,
okay, well, what do you do?
Medieval malls.
And I was like, forever 21.
And then Cody said, forever 12.
Which was really funny.
Way too funny for a Shrek movie.
Forever 12 like fucking cracked me up.
You go to a mall in medieval times and it's forever 12.
It's really, really dark and funny.
It's funny in layers.
It hits you in waves how funny that is.
Forever 12.
It's so dark.
And then you're like, it's dark about consumerism.
It's dark about our youth worship.
It's dark about life expectancy.
It's dark about...
It's also a story that's sponsored by United Airlines.
Yeah.
I thought it was like only the 12th version of forever.
But now we're already up to forever 21.
And in 10 years, there'll be forever 31.
So that joke was funny on multiple levels.
Even the people who have maybe a little learning disability.
Kill City.
I'm sorry, I'm just trying to think of more medieval mall stores.
Armorani.
What?
Armorani?
Armorani.
I mean, that's as good as Versus Archery.
Yeah.
My thing was I would just, you know, my bag of tricks.
I'm Dan Harmon.
I would have just kept Versa Archery, done Armoranery.
And then the third one would have been like a word play clearing house.
Half off.
Going out of business.
And it was like, work less hard, be more meta.
Everyone will say you're smart.
You're actually just less funny.
Also, you could throw in a Johnny Varvatos.
There could be Ye Old Republic instead of Banana Republic.
Instead of the Gap, maybe the Gout.
The Gout.
The Baby Gout.
What about Gout for Kids?
Incredibly heavy Brookstone.
Because I don't know, maybe rocks were bigger back then?
Because it's in the, it's in the Brook.
So it's, but Brook Boulder, Brook Boulder.
And then you go home and you research erosion.
And you're like, oh, it became a stone by modern times.
Brook Boulder.
What about hot dog on a tree?
Because they didn't know stick technology, by the way.
Yeah.
Before access.
The second, the second store is, is like a Home Depot, but it's under construction.
Because they're like, we don't even have the shit to build the Home Depot.
Much, much less get this hot dog off a tree.
We save this fucking movie.
This movie is no Simpsons signs.
Those are the best signs in the business.
Which signs?
Simpsons.
Oh, Simpsons signs.
Yeah.
Well, that's got to be your low bar.
You got to like, like, like, I mean, that's unfortunate for all of us.
That the Simpsons like, like top the game.
It's like, if you're going to have people walk past signs, you better, you better bring your,
try to bring your Simpsons.
It's hard.
It's not easy, folks.
Jokes is hard.
Yeah.
The shittiest complaint ever.
Jokes is hard.
Man, he jokes is hard, man.
I'm out there giving that crowd everything I got.
Ooh.
Somebody's shit is sad.
Did you ever get the, I was so bad at stand up in Milwaukee.
Like, I often, the guy that, the, when the host would come up after me, I'd often hear,
come on, folks, keep it going, comedy isn't easy.
Like, that, and I'd be like halfway to my seat.
Like, because sometimes I think I killed.
I was like, like, I don't know the difference yet.
I'm, I'm this bad because I haven't done it more than three times.
So that was the best time.
Comedy isn't easy.
Well, maybe he just wanted them to know that.
Oh.
Mm-hmm.
I hope that motherfucker's watching community right now.
It's canceled.
It shows no.
Good night.
He can't even, he can't even watch it.
Or no, Hulu bought the.
There we go.
Hulu.
Oh yeah.
Watch Hulu.
Hulu's slogan is, you're a lucky guy.
Just looking at my list.
Hulu bought the last season?
Yeah, they did.
They bought, so they have them all now.
Hulu, you can watch all the communities.
There you go.
Yeah.
You guys, so, all right.
So I had a breakthrough in therapy.
But, or no, I didn't yet.
But I had a, I got, I got instructions that I think that I.
I mean, like I, what I mean is I was told something in therapy
that I think, that I recognize as being the most important thing
to improve my life.
What?
That's the funniest thing you've ever seen.
Oh guys, he looked at his phone for a minute.
Oh, I had a breakthrough in therapy.
Oh wait, no.
No, I'm sorry, I didn't yet.
Comedy isn't easy.
But I, what I mean is I got the tools now
to learn how to use them.
Like I walked out and I was like, yeah, I got it, I got it.
It's the word mirror.
It's the, it's the thing that I haven't been doing.
I always thought when you talk to people, like the reason it's exhausting
is because you're putting energy into them.
So somebody goes like, oh, my hair is important.
And then you, you're like, you just, you think in your head,
you go like, you're a fucking vampire.
And you're, and it's like, how do I look at you
without feeling your soul screaming?
And, but, but you, like, like, that's not your job.
You don't have to put, you don't have to give up your own energy.
You've become a mirror.
That's what you're supposed to do.
You're supposed to, but I haven't done it yet.
I walked out and I'm like, I'm going to go try that.
And then I was like, hey, like, like someone was like,
can I borrow a dollar?
And I was like, you'd like a dollar.
And then I stopped trying it because the guy was like,
That's what you're supposed to do.
Just repeat what they say.
Well, you're supposed to, you're supposed to reflect who they are.
Okay, let's try it.
But you, but you have to put your shirt on like,
like other way.
Should we try it?
No, the people, people are interested in themselves.
Everyone's been, you know, they come to you.
Not me.
You're very contrarian.
That's great about you.
You're interesting.
I love, I love, it's amazing how you interrupt.
I love your phone and your glasses.
Tell them you're lucky.
You're, I saw Kate getting the mail the other day.
You're a lucky guy.
Yeah.
What?
You've got a lot of mail.
Hey, Dan, my hair is very important to me.
Sounds like it.
Tell me more.
About your hair.
There's got to be, there's got to be more to it than that.
Just repeating.
She wasn't like telling me, don't, don't throw, I was just saying, like, I just,
it was right at the end of the session.
She's like, you know, do that thing where you're a mirror.
And I was like, wait, a mirror?
You mean like four agreements, how we're all mirrors and smoke and light?
She's like, what the fuck?
No.
Can't authorize you reading that poison.
I'm a fucking therapist.
No, she likes it.
I told her I read it.
She's like, that's fine.
As long as the fifth agreement is you keep coming to me.
I was like, no, the fifth agreement is that he had his son write a book.
Okay.
She's like, I heard you talk about that episode 300.
I was like, you listen to the show?
She's like, yeah, I'm like, all right, well, let's, I'll keep coming to you.
She's like, you're not going to get better.
I'm like, okay.
She's never listened to the show.
Where was I?
Mirror.
Oh, she just said, be a mirror.
And she's like, yeah, you know, people want to, when they, when they come, when someone
puts out an emotional bid, for instance, if you're in a couple, like, like, is somebody
saying, look at that thing over there, or I did this thing today or whatever.
They're not saying necessarily, they don't have the time to say, or they're like, I,
I have something to say.
And I've thought it through, and it's the most important thing in the world.
And it's so worthy of your attention, and it says so much about me.
And also, you know, it's just, it's a lot of times it's just, we're just like little,
you know, animals, we're just like touching each other verbally, of course, we just,
it's, so I have this problem, like small talk, like I can't, you know, and it's like a lot
of, I'm sure a lot of my audience has small talk problems.
You know, whether you have ADD or Asperger's, that's really the two groups in my audience.
But, but both have a problem with small talk, because it's like, kind of like, I don't know,
it engages the logical part of your brain, and you're like, well, what do you, what do you mean?
Why don't you tell, like, I don't know what you're telling me, man.
But, but it doesn't, it's not that simple either.
It's not like we're Spock, and we want people to just make sense.
It's like, it's just, also it's like, some people say shit just because they want to,
they want to talk.
I don't fucking know yet.
But, but like, I always thought it was like, we all have energy.
Like, I have a bucket of energy when I wake up, you have a bucket of energy.
Some people have a hole in the bottom of their bucket of energy.
They're called executives.
I had to riff a thing, I don't know.
But, but, but like, some people, you know, you've met those people, they're just like,
hey, what about me?
And you're like, oh, you, and you pour some in, and because the hole's not that big,
it kind of fills up a little bit, and then you're like, wait, it's Wednesday.
Didn't you say, hey, what about me on Tuesday?
But, and you slowly learn over time that they're a vampire.
Like, they're going to suck all of your juice into their bucket, and theirs has no bottom.
Yours does, but yours doesn't fill that fast, because you have dignity.
But, but it's not necessarily like that.
You have, you could just, people can just radiate things.
Like, I radiate shame.
I have so much shame that if everyone lets me, the fucking buckets would overflow with it.
Like, no one was a deal with my shame.
Like, I love it.
I'm just, it certainly fills a show out after we run out of shit.
United leggings forever 12, that's it.
I don't know why I keep looking at this.
But, but like, I think, you know, there are people who are good at that thing that we tease therapists for
and they, they listen and then they repeat what you said back to you.
Like, what I'm hearing is this and that, but like, you can do that emotionally.
You don't even have to really actually say the words.
It's just that you could perceive yourself as a mirror, and it's about them.
It's not about you.
It's like your job in the conversation is for them to have some time to work some shit out.
And that can actually be good for them.
And you're a mirror.
So you're, you're a passive role, but you're like actively like helping them.
Yeah, it's called listening or a first date.
It's called the first date because on your first date, you're like, what?
Yes, more.
You're chill.
What your dad?
He was a what underwater.
Oh man.
But, but as we get familiar with people, we're like, God damn underwater.
I heard the first time Jesus Christ.
But truthfully, you'd always be super satisfied if you stayed interested in the shit that was around you.
Yeah, because nobody, yeah.
I mean, it's being a mirror is not just like, like listening.
It's like saying like, not like, you can just reflect what they're saying back at them because that's why they're talking.
Right.
Yeah, I think it's, I think it's like, yeah, it's like key.
Like you don't have to just mockingly repeat back or make a photocopy or, but, but like it's just listening.
I guess I had to think of it as a mirror because otherwise I was thinking of it as like an exchange.
Like, oh, I'm giving you energy.
When do I get it back?
I'm giving you time.
When do I, oh, that just came from Minecraft.
Now I can play Minecraft less time.
No, I'm a mirror.
No, I'm getting fucked out of Minecraft time.
All right.
Well, but, but if you're a mirror, okay, it doesn't apply to time.
You're still fucking me out of time.
I could be playing Minecraft.
Do you feel fucked out of Minecraft time right now because we're doing a harming?
I mean, there's some things I'd like to try at my base.
No, I don't know.
I'm fine here.
It's fine.
You know, what do we got another hour to kill?
Shady ass answer.
It's fine.
No, no, it's fine.
How was your one-man show?
The answer was yes.
It's fine.
What do you mean?
No, no, I'm not going to, I know I'm not going to be all the way happy when I'm playing Minecraft
tonight as soon as I get home.
I'm not going to immediately become blissful.
I'm like, I'm, if I didn't have this, I'd be unhappy over time.
Do you, do you play Minecraft with Jeremy Irons?
And what is that like?
Yeah.
And, and do your Jeremy Irons impression while you tell us the story?
What will you do with that wood?
Who are you?
Patrick Stewart.
Can you send Jeremy Irons in?
So I basically want a second chance.
Yes.
Thank you, Patrick.
Jeremy.
Yes.
I'm Patrick Stewart.
I know.
That's pretty good.
Go talk to Dan.
I will.
Hello, Dan.
What did you eat?
A cupcake.
It's in your throat?
Yes.
Where's John Lithgow?
I'm right here.
My mouth is a circle.
I do a perfect John Lithgow because I know how to make my mouth into a circle.
Hello.
Hey Dan, this is Steve Levy.
This is John Lithgow.
Oh, sorry.
Do you have Dan's phone?
Can you give the phone to Dan for a second?
Dan, someone's calling you on the phone.
Hey Dan, I've got iced tea on the line for you right now.
All right.
Hello?
Yeah.
Who is this?
This is iced tea.
Mr. T, don't ever.
I mean, okay.
I didn't want to be informal.
Much more less formal than calling me motherfucking iced Mr. T.
All right.
Well, what are you doing?
I called you to listen to you play Minecraft, motherfucker.
All right.
Describe it to me.
What's it like?
Well, I'm digging into the dirt.
Yeah, it's every piece of dirt, a cube.
So you do know a little bit about Minecraft.
It sounds like I didn't say that.
Shit.
All I could tell you, if I play Minecraft, it's none of your business.
It's personal.
Well, I got to keep playing.
I have to put one hand on the W, A, S, and D keys.
And if you're playing on a Mac OS, you got to use the trackpad.
So you need two hands.
So put me on with Lithgow.
It's me, John Lithgow.
Talking to you iced tea.
Yeah, John, what are we doing later?
I would like to go fishing for lamprey
so I can experience visualizing a creature
with its more circular mouth than me.
Damn, that's fucked up.
I'm coming to pick you up now.
Okay, cool.
Go away.
Damn.
Hello?
Dan, this is your other cell phone.
This is iced tea.
Oh, sorry.
Mr. T, Walter?
Oh, don't fucking do it.
You think it's respectful, but it's not.
Mr. T, this is important.
Walter Mathos on the line.
He needs to talk to you.
It's a matter of real importance.
All right, put him on.
Wait, is it personal?
No, actually, this is business.
Oh, cool.
Business I can do.
I got John Lithgow coming to pick me up.
I can do business.
Yo, Walter.
Math out.
What's going on?
What the fuck is going on over there, man?
You eating a muppet?
Oh, shit, there's an amber alert.
My fucking phone's it's blowing up.
There's an amber alert.
Man, you Walter Math out, Richard Nixon and his shit.
Yeah, flush that impression.
Amber alert.
Be on the lookout for a Ford, Taurus,
97, six cylinder,
Blaupunk.
Damn, this is a fucking good ride.
What am I?
Wait.
What are you doing?
Damn, what are you doing?
No, wait, don't wait.
Oh, well, okay.
I tried to.
All right.
Yo.
Okay.
My name is Baby Ice Tea.
I'm as small as tea can be.
I'm just a small cup of tea,
but I'm already as icy as I can be.
When you add the ice to the C and the E,
you get it small as it can be.
I'm not doing rhymes that are hard.
I'm just rhyming ice tea.
But look at me shrinking down.
I'm a tiny iced tea smaller than an ice cube
that you could freeze.
I'm going to go out to the streets and try to enemies.
Try to enemies?
I'm your enemy.
Who are you?
Giant iced tea.
This universe lacks an imagination.
What it makes up for.
In conflict.
Fundamental conflict.
Yo, I don't see how that conflict could be
of any merit.
When I'm tiny iced tea and you're giant,
then you don't watch enough Marvel movies.
Yo.
My name is tiny iced tea.
My name is giant iced tea.
We're in the place to be.
I tried to fuck your mama with some harmony,
but I couldn't do it when my voice switches to between.
But you have asked to fuck your mama so hard,
my dick's a bus.
And my dick's a flea,
because I'm little tiny iced tea.
Yo, your dick's a flea.
Why are you going to use your rap to talk about me?
Because I'm big as a tree,
and I don't get away with as much as you do.
Because I'm an underdog.
Yeah.
That's my power.
Alright, yeah, you don't have to rub it in.
Don't play the underdog with me,
just because I'm an underdog,
and it gives me more cue rating than thee.
You medieval fucking nerd.
My name is tiny iced tea,
and you sound a lot like a fucking bully.
Okay, alright, I'm a bully.
You win.
Yeah, well, fucking truth to power.
Motherfucker, my heart is going to stop
20 years earlier than yours.
It labors to get blood up to my brain.
I'm a giant iced tea, I'm going to fucking die.
Can't go to the bathroom in a normal place.
You can go anywhere.
You're functionally invisible.
Socially, everyone's on your side.
I'm giant iced tea.
Yo, huh, I'm giant iced tea,
and right about now I'm going to check my IV,
my insulin levels are dropping down.
I got to get it.
I don't know why everybody groaned.
Was there a thing in the paper
about the real iced tea at the time?
It isn't.
We just felt bad for you giant iced tea.
We just felt bad.
What's your name?
I'm Jack in the B-Stark real estate agent.
Yeah, I sell B-Starks.
Do you have anything available
for a lonely giant that wants to die in peace?
We call these one way up, no way down B-Starks.
So you don't say anything?
No, it's a tiny iced tea.
Oh, he's not shopping with me.
Yeah, I don't want to...
I'm not sure I want to hang out with tiny iced tea.
Oh, I love you.
He's still paying back rent on that mouse hole I sold him.
Aw, shit.
Yeah, you know the fuck I am tiny iced tea.
That's a home office.
That tiny mice hole is business.
Oh, okay.
You can't seem to make tiny mice hole rent money.
The fucking bubble burst, motherfucker.
Yeah, all right, all right.
Goddamn, now that fucking Obama's America's
gotta be on my shoulders.
You're always trying to be political
when all I want is my money, you little motherfucker.
Oh, don't side with the split.
I won't.
That's a new term I made up.
We're all...
Well, fuck him, that little guy.
Let's get into some of these beanstalks.
Okay, talk to me.
I got $700 in giant money.
All right, all right.
Let me see if I can speak to one of my other agents.
Oh, shit.
Johnny Vovado.
Yes.
This guy busted my balls all day long.
You wanna buy a beanstalk?
Oh, hell no.
He says he's got 700 giant money.
Yo, yeah.
My name is Johnny Vovados.
Uh-oh, uh-oh.
Tell these people who?
My name is Johnny Vovados.
Um, sold.
Because that is what we do?
Those snoop cameos are getting lazier and lazier.
Did he even ride?
In his defense, he smokes a lot of weed.
Jesus.
No, I mean, it's a buyer's market right now.
So, I mean, like, what am I gonna hold out for $800?
I'll do $700 sold.
Sold.
Yeah.
All right.
I'll take it.
My name is Johnny Vovados.
I'm a giant iced tea.
But right about now, I'm gonna move in for me.
I'm gonna get in and play at the top of the clouds.
I'm gonna play my music quiet and loud.
And then I'm gonna make a giant cake and I'm gonna eat it
because it's what it takes to make me happy.
I've got an eating disorder.
It's called bulimia.
Look it up.
My name is Johnny Vovados.
Yo, do you want a few avocados?
I have a few avocados.
I'd like everyone you have.
I'd like to put them all in a bag.
I only have like four avocados.
As long as I can eat them when no one's watching.
All right.
Okay, thank you.
Enjoy my avocados.
Thank you, Johnny Vovados.
I'll take this G and climb up the vine.
Looks like the house is already here.
That's fine.
Oh, sorry, sorry, sorry.
Are you thirsty?
Yes.
My name is Johnny Vovados.
Are you thirsty?
Are you going to wash those avocados down with?
Yes.
I have two Klamados.
Did you follow me here?
I was told there's one way of vines.
I just, I want the customer to be satisfied.
But now you have to live here your entire life?
My name is Johnny Vovados.
Well, now we're rooming.
Yes.
Kampados.
I'll be right back.
Where are you?
That's my house.
I'll be following you.
I'm going into my house.
Okay, my name is Johnny Vovados.
Are you going to follow me down the street?
I'm going into my house.
We're on top of a vine.
My name is Giant Ice Tea and I'm here to say,
here's what's happened up until this minute.
I bought a vine.
I climbed it.
My house is at the top of it.
I'm going into my house.
As I was nearing the front door,
you called from behind me that you had Kalmatas.
Wow.
I'm holding a bag with four avocados.
That sounds like a great story.
Hey, hi.
Oh God, who are you?
I'm a golden goose, man.
I'm hanging out here too.
Shit.
Yeah.
That sounds like a great story.
Then what happened?
What happened then?
I went to the market.
I'll be right back.
Hey, I'm going to come with you.
I need to get some shit.
There's a market up here?
Yeah, yeah.
I was told, oh shit.
All right.
I live upstairs.
I'm so quiet.
You won't even know I'm there.
You probably don't even recognize me.
You live upstairs in my house?
In my house?
Yeah, in your bedroom.
You live in my bedroom?
Yeah.
Are you mirroring me?
Did you just mirror me?
My name is Johnny Pavatos.
I give you avocados.
Also, you want some shoes?
Yes.
Sure.
They're called Zapatos.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back when I come up with more rhymes for my own name.
Wait, wait, wait.
I got to get my phone.
I'm coming with you.
Okay.
I just got to find my phone.
God damn it.
It's right here.
I'm going to go up to the front door of my house.
I left the door open.
Hi, surprise!
What?
How you doing?
Happy birthday.
It's us.
We thought we were outside.
We're inside.
Welcome to your own place.
We thought we were going to the migrant.
We were actually inside.
I feel like I got ripped off and bought a house and it's not even my house.
It's your house.
We were just leaving.
Yeah, we're going to leave.
We're going to the market.
If you look in the fridge, there's like four avocados, a couple of klamatos.
My name is Johnny Pavatos.
But the baby died.
Don't touch those.
Where's my fucking phone?
Also, your dog Walker left a DVD in the DVD player.
I'm going to check that out.
It's about black people.
You'll probably enjoy it.
I'm going to call the locksmith.
No, I'm going to call the fucking realtor.
Yeah, are you the guy that sold me the house on top of the vine?
I'm a giant iced tea.
Oh, a giant iced tea.
How's it going, man?
Do you love the view?
Not good.
What's going on?
I heard you celebrated a birthday.
Yeah, not my birthday.
Did you find people living in my house?
Oh, you met the goose.
That motherfucker can roll, man.
Your boss, I think lives with me, too.
Oh, I forgot to mention that.
Listen, have a great time.
I want to let you know that beanstalk is something that really means a lot to me.
So I hope you enjoy it.
It's a rip-off.
You took my money.
I should come down that vine and crush you.
Hey, man, it's Trump's America.
We all just trying to survive, all right?
Now, I used to sell mobile homes before this, and I thought you'd be happy with that beanstalk.
It's nice.
It's uphill.
Not a lot of people up there, and that goose lays golden eggs, and they're delicious.
I guess my only goal was to come up here and die.
You might want to learn about other people, maybe talk to the people around you.
I wanted to be a fish out of water story where it was thrust upon me like northern exposure.
Or many sitcoms.
We all want to be left alone until we're dying.
That's just how life works.
All right, I'm not through with you, but goodbye.
Hey, tell that goose I said hello.
Click.
Hey, I'm back.
Hey.
Yo.
Anybody leave any messages?
If I fold thumb, I fucked your mama so hard, my dick was a thumb.
I'm a giant iced tea.
Can't hear you say I'm going to swing on the chandelier and make you gay.
By kissing you, take you to the beach like Moonlight 2.
It's a sequel with me and you.
Sorry, I was just rapping.
Hello.
Did you just make me gay?
No, I just...
It's a giant culture.
How do you make everything easier?
It's still okay for a giant to be public.
Hello.
Hello, giant iced tea?
Yes.
It's your mother.
Mom.
Hello.
Mom, is this personal?
I told you to hurry up and follow normal-sized Gloria.
Are you talking to your damn son again?
Yes.
Honey, not now.
This is business.
I see dad is still up to his old tricks.
We miss you.
We haven't heard from you in a while.
Yeah, well, it doesn't sound like he does.
Well, guess what?
Here's the newsletter, mom.
I'm still giant.
No one wants to hire me as a graphic designer.
And it's really fucking expensive to live in Los Angeles.
Why don't you...
Why don't you just...
You can move back home.
We still have your room here if you want.
Yeah.
Great.
No, no.
Turn it into a weed room.
Oh, honey, honey.
Hey, the phone knows I'm already...
Honey, honey, don't get personal.
This is business.
I'm talking to our son.
Like, son, I know he's not your real father,
but he's the only father you've ever known.
What?
Oh, shit.
What the fuck?
You didn't know that?
No, why would I be upset about his approval if...
No, I thought he was...
Oh, my God.
No wonder I'm a giant.
Oh.
Yo.
My name is Giant Ice Tea, and I've been a fool.
I didn't know that.
I didn't observe the size of my parents in relationship to me.
Put it together.
I've been fucking mommas in all my raps,
and now I've fallen into a momma-fuck trap,
so you can somewhat fuck my momma that was regular size
and then adopt me.
That was a surprise.
I'm gonna find my biological dad.
That's my new mission.
I'm leaving this house, walking along the clouds,
like Super Mario Brothers.
I can get wherever I'm going faster,
because I'm walking along the clouds.
I can drop down to wherever my biological father is.
First, a cursory.
Googling?
Giant Ice Tea?
Oh, that's just...
I just googled me.
I'm googling the word father.
Okay.
Okay, why did it bother?
I should order some more soy milk.
Honey, should I stay on the line?
Should I hang up?
Sorry, what?
Should I stay on the line?
Do you want your mother to hang up?
This sounds personal.
Johnny?
I don't know who you are.
I'm sorry.
I'm your mother.
Oh.
We're just talking like a guy now.
I hadn't hung up yet.
I just wanted to make sure.
Where do you... Where's my biological father's live?
He's next to me right now.
You said that he wasn't my father.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
You're biological father.
And...
My name is Giant Ice Tea,
and that was your waste.
All right.
Montage of me googling genealogical...
Hello?
Hello.
This is Giant Ice Tea.
Yes.
This is your father.
Jeremy Irons.
The famous figure that calls it...
Ironic Times?
That's so stupid.
I'm so... I'm sorry, dad.
Wait, where are you?
I'm just kidding.
This is Johnny Varvados.
Click.
He had a lot of bravado.
A lot of bravados.
All right.
Montage in.
I found my genealogical information.
He lives in 11121, Washington.
Do you need a... Do you need a ride?
Jesus.
Yes.
Okay, come on.
Let's go.
I've got to go...
I've got to do some shit over there anyway.
Do you fly?
Yeah, man.
Get on me.
I'm trying.
Yeah, well...
You're tiny.
You're like the size of...
Do you want a ride?
Yeah.
Get on me.
Okay.
Do you want to see my asshole?
Because gold comes out of it.
Yes, and...
Okay, you got to look real close for the gold.
Okay, all right.
You got to look real close.
It's just brown.
No, no, no.
Wait, that's first.
And then the gold will come soon.
What's that?
Do you see it?
Do you see the gold yet?
Yeah, it's close.
It's just shit.
No, no, no, no.
No, no, no.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
Here.
Wait, wait, wait.
No, no, no, no.
Here comes the gold.
First, I'm kidding.
No, it's so gross.
No, no, no, no.
22 minutes later.
It's everywhere.
Yeah, I'm serious.
It's just...
Hey, it's magic.
You know, it's going to happen.
Just wait.
Actually, you know, I've never done this before.
I've never ever...
You've never laid a golden egg?
No, no, but it could happen.
Wait, wait, wait.
No.
If you have faith.
If you believe...
I'm tired of it being my fault that everything goes wrong.
It's fucking the worst.
Everyone else is an asshole.
The world was stacked against me when I was born.
It fucking sucks.
Everyone else is just stupid.
It has no morality.
Ting-ting-ting-ting-ting.
Oh.
That was it.
Oh, my God.
There's a tiny golden egg here.
Golden egg.
Wow.
It worked.
You believed in me.
It's all I wanted.
Wow.
Oh.
Thank you.
Let's get to my father's house.
Yes.
I don't have anything.
You go without me.
I'm going to watch some shit on TV.
You can't fly, can you?
No.
You know, I didn't think I could shit a golden egg either, to be honest.
And I just did, so...
Yeah.
Okay.
I'll fly you there.
Man, Amber alert.
A man presenting himself as golden goose.
Not really a goose.
Don't, don't, don't look at that.
Don't look at that.
He just paints his poop gold.
Don't, don't, don't.
No, no, no.
If you, if you are currently holding what you think is a golden egg, you're probably
holding golden poop.
No, no.
Ask the goose if he can fly.
No, no, no.
Don't ask him.
That's fake.
It's fake.
It's fake, c'mon, c'mon, c'mon, just let's go.
YAAAHHH!
SMASH!
He's dead.
My name is Giant Iced Tea, here to say I'm going to call an Uber in the usual way.
Bip, beep, boop, boop, V5o.
Uber shows up and away I go.
Driving across the clouds.
Guys playing Armenian music pretty loud.
I can smell his cologne, but I'm gonna see my father won't die alone.
But I'm here with you too.
Oh shit, Tiny Iced Tea.
Yo.
It's fucked up, man.
It's not personal, it's business.
Hello.
Giant Iced Tea?
Yes.
This is your mother again.
I feel like you should know something.
Your father, your biological father?
It's Tiny Iced Tea.
Listen, man, there was never gonna be a good time to say it.
Stop the car, stop the Uber, stop it.
Are you sure you want the, I think I know better.
No you don't, just stop the car.
Okay, well you're not women, so I'll do what you want.
Yeah, I wrote it.
Where are you going, son?
Please, these are clouds, you could walk forever.
Shut up, leave me alone.
I'm walking behind you as you're marching forward the cameras in front of you and tracking.
It's one of those shots.
Stop describing it.
You act like that's something I do all the time.
No, just shut up, I hate you.
I can't say I love you.
I'm stopping.
Because I don't know you.
But I want to get to know you.
If you want to know me, here's what you gotta do.
I'm gonna fuck your mama with my left and right shoe.
That's a start.
I fuck her with a fart.
I fuck her with a long dart.
I fuck her.
Dance.
Oh, we're dancing.
We're dancing the same way.
The camera's zooming in on me to see the moves that I share with you.
And then I take the moves and I do them when the camera pulls back.
Because we're very different sizes.
I'm trying iced tea.
Two iced teas in the place to be.
In a cloud world, fuck your mama so hot she turned into a girl.
Fucking epic battle of tiny iced tea.
And giant iced tea.
It was lower case and capital T.
It was amazing.
So many teas.
So good.
I mean, it went to a dark place.
It went to a dark place.
It went to, like, then you don't have the face of somebody that you felt that was wrong.
Yeah, I didn't like it.
I don't like it.
I thought it was kind of meandering.
There's a lot of confusing breakdowns.
It takes a little while to get to that darkness.
But once we got there, it was dark.
What did we really learn?
You know what was good was that Ed 209 thing.
That's what people are remembering.
They're like, that was kind of like that.
But it wasn't as good, right?
No, it was great.
We'll find out tomorrow.
I just wanted to know what happened to him.
I mean, I guess they're reunited with his father.
And what else do you do?
Closure.
Wrong song.
You have to look of, like, it's not completed.
Yeah, I feel like, like, what hat?
What's the point?
You're back with your father.
Who cares?
I think, like, you found out that your father is, like, you're at the bottom of the circle right now.
Now you've got to find out, like...
Yeah, but I wouldn't want to continue.
I just felt like a clunky property.
Clearly, they move in together.
Yeah, but on a cloud, and it's just clunky.
It's like, like, the goose lives there, and it's like, I couldn't tell what's going on.
No, but you killed the goose.
The goose got killed, right?
Yeah, the goose got killed.
I stomped on him because I got confused.
I just wanted to move on.
I was, like, I was panicking.
I was, like, narratively panicking.
I feel like you didn't make enough use out of those gifts you were given, those avocados and climatos.
I feel like that's an opportunity that's, like, in a video game.
You go, oh, shit, I combined the avocados and the climatos.
Yeah, exactly.
Like, just to get the taste out of my mouth, just do a standard five-minute, just, like,
and cap, just do a little story, okay?
But it doesn't have to have music.
It's not a rap.
Just, like, tell a story from beginning to end.
Starting from where we left off?
No, no, totally different thing.
Just to clear my palate.
Because it was just, like...
All right.
I think you were afraid of where you were getting.
You're worried that you were getting somewhere too emotionally raw.
Are you saying he's having, like, a giant flashback?
You're saying you want to pick up now, you want to do, like, it's years later,
and giant iced tea and tiny iced tea are living together.
You pick.
I'll leave it to you.
All right.
Well, let's do that, because then...
Okay, so we'll just wrap it up.
So this is, like, the after the credits.
You want to beat?
No, no.
No.
This is after the credits.
In the news today, there's a thing, a flap on it, it's going around, it's going around.
This is just a downbeat.
There's nothing, the news is just happening,
because otherwise there'd be a scene with someone staring into space.
That would be weird.
It's not foreshadowing.
I'm not talking about something important.
I'm not saying there's a meteor with strange contents.
I'm just saying there was a thing flapping around.
The Dow Jones, there, that's innocuous.
The Dow, in the news today...
All right, doing it again.
In the news today, the Dow Jones was on a...
Okay, you won't mistake that for pipe.
Okay.
Oh, I love the Dow Jones.
Son, can I talk to you?
Shit.
Personal business.
I have cancer.
So do I.
What if we combine them?
What kind do you have?
Why does that matter?
Because I'm not going to combine random cancers.
Fuck, are you a doctor, motherfucker?
I don't have to be a doctor to not want to mix fucking just random...
Motherfucker, we're doing...
Fuck you.
Fuck you!
I don't even have cancer.
Me neither, bitch!
I have, for real, I have cancer.
Me too.
What kind?
Testicular.
Prostate.
I don't really have cancer.
Fuck, fuck!
Now you're going to lose your testicles.
You piece of shit.
After everything I've done,
brought you into this world.
Yeah.
So?
Now you...
So what?
You don't give a fuck if I live or die, do you?
Maybe it's not that.
Maybe it's that I don't know what to do with my emotions
because you didn't raise me right.
So you don't want to tell me.
You tell me.
You can't even talk.
Can you give me a ride to the hospital,
motherfucker,
to get my fucking cancery testicle cut off,
motherfucker?
Can you do me that?
All right, all right.
Jesus fucking Christ, like I asked for the fucking world.
I want to get one nut cut off, motherfucker.
All right.
My car's dirty.
You don't think I know where it is?
I got a McDonald's bag, motherfucker.
All right, get in.
Life's a fruit, bro.
We both are.
Hey!
Welcome to the hospital.
I know you.
I drive an Uber during the day.
Welcome to the hospital.
I make a five stars.
My father has testicular cancer.
He needs one of his testicles removed.
Well, I'm afraid there's no more health care.
What do you mean?
We both voted for Trump.
I'm glad to be in the same page as my son.
We are both hardcore laborers.
We backed the president that would give us less black health care.
Well, you made a mistake.
Let me guess.
You didn't like it because it said Obama in front of it?
Yeah, you don't have to pigeonhole us.
Psych!
That was your health care.
It was called Obamacare by Racist
that wanted you to associate it with the black president.
Now you have to keep your cancer testicle.
Hold on a second.
Here's the news.
Obama's health care is still on.
You can lose your testicle.
Yay!
I love Obama.
I found out that racism doesn't really get you anywhere.
Politically speaking, it doesn't.
People who gravitate towards politics are typically conniving.
Average intelligent people have 100 IQs.
They're not like geniuses.
They work on Wall Street or be physicists.
I guess our country was an experiment that lasted as long as it could before collapsing.
I wouldn't go that far.
Jesus Christ, this is a whole emergency room for the young people out there
that would like to hear something different.
We're not listening to me. You might not be removed.
Dad, I'll give a fuck what they say.
Fuck I love you.
Just hold on. One more snip.
Now this last one is very crucial.
You have a 70% chance of survival if you, if when I snip it, snip it.
You have a bond with your son.
It's a freak thing about testosterone and the paternal biological axis.
Apparently the incidence of testosterone...
Sorry, hold on a second.
Maggie, give me that thing.
Here it is, Dr. Shit.
Testicular cancer.
They started to rise as the government co-opted the father-son bond
and infantilized the entire American family and made everyone go to work
and raised everyone like they were children, eating Twinkies and watching TV
and thinking that fame would end all their problems when actually we're just an Orwellian future
but because we're not wearing coveralls it doesn't appear Orwellian.
We're wearing like fucking t-shirts from shows we like.
But that has resulted in a lower sperm count across the American index
and also it's also everyone's testicles are rotting away
because fathers and sons don't get along with each other anymore.
So the point is, when I researched, if you just hold your son's hand and truly love him
you may survive this testicularctomy.
Well, it's worth a shot.
All right.
Hand-hold sound effect.
Smorch.
Carry on my wayward song.
We'll be pleased without you.
Son, I got you a kite.
Thank you.
Can you help me the damn long, damn long way out?
Son, I got you a bicycle.
Thank you.
Don't you cry no more.
Snip.
Ted, no, I love the bike!
Daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Once I caught into a land of the future
I went into a cornfield and a suture
And if I say that I'm a blind man
It surely means that I can't see
I put my hat into a sock and a doughnut
I got into a car and I couldn't start up
I try to drive home from the hospital
Cause my dad just died
Carry on my way home, sir
Help me peace when you wander
Goddamn!
I just saw you crying, giant
I couldn't believe it
Yeah, well, whatever
You look like somebody who just lost their father in a testicular accident
Yeah, sure, whatever
Did you get a chance to say goodbye?
I was there with him till a bitter end
Held his hand, felt his soul slip away
Wow, it's pretty deep
You think you'll be alright?
Or do I have to sit here and mirror you
When I could be playing a video game?
Get in!
Alright, here we go
Carry on my way home
Alright, that's an ending
Fucking good
Alright, yeah
Maybe that wasn't an after the credits
I mean, that was the rest of the movie
If it had ended up, I'd be like, that was good
But I couldn't have gone that long
It would be like Barry Linden, you know
It would be an intermission in the middle
You like that Barry Linden movie?
I haven't seen it
Well, it drags a little bit
They had a special film made for Stanley Kubrick
Because he...
Special lights
He didn't want to light it
No, it was a special film too, special film stock
Don't shake it, no, I saw it on the Goddamn Tivo description
Or whatever you call it
It's a film, film stock
Yeah, y'all better get y'all Googles out
Everybody get their Googles out
It was specifically like NASA
I don't doubt that lenses were involved
For sure they would be
But I also truly believe that I saw a film stock
Like that he had special film made
Oh, that's probably...
Yeah, we'll tell him
I think the crafty was different
The lens was stuck right there
It kept the image
Right
The lens was made for the politicians
That's what he just said
You guys are obsessed with the lens
I'm not taking the lens away from you
You guys are telling me
All kinds of interesting stuff
But what happened was
I was called a liar for saying film stock
I'm telling you
He had special film stock made
I'm sure it had to be like special...
I'm pretty sure it was lens
Goddamn it, it's not a dichotomy
You can't give me film stock?
It's not a...
Why does it have to be either or?
You can't accept a world where it might...
Let's go
So what film stock did he shoot Barry Lyndon on?
You told me!
The burden of proof is on me
Because I'm asserting that something was weird
That's the rule
Sorry, what?
15mm film stock
Alright, young Tommy Chong clone
So does that mean different film stock?
But 15mm, that sounds made up
That's what...
And so I was right
Because I never said they were wrong
And their fucking millennial caught up and said
No, you're viewed, Paul Ryan
No!
We can all be naked!
I knew...
It's not like I would see...
I don't know anything about shooting stuff
So I read the description of Barry Lyndon
For me to perceive the words film stock
I wouldn't have then supplanted it
If it said lens
I would have said lens
I'm not that gone yet
I saw it on the besides lens
Which they got from that lens
I gave you your lens
This is why you need bullies
This is why bullying wasn't mentioned
Because two nerds will fight indefinitely
Until a bully comes along
Shut up, nerds!
Y'all nerds need to quit this shit
Help me with my homework
This could be the worst podcast ever
If we were just allowed to
But we could hang out and talk about lenses all night
I want to know though, what was it, Heather Hooks?
It's both?
Of course it's both
Of course you wouldn't change the lens
And then keep the...
No, I need that Pan Am Rama film stock
But I just need to change the lens
That's crazy
He can't give up
He can't give up!
You can't give up
With the film stock doesn't matter
Why would you say that, though?
Why wouldn't the film stock matter?
Of course the film stock matters
You're wrong, bro
I can tell by the look on your face
You're wrong, because you're not committed to your disness
No, he's just so into lens
He works for NASA
But do he make the film for NASA?
Film stock!
But nobody makes the film anymore
Because it was special film!
Yeah!
Special film stock!
Dan, Dave Kline just handed me his phone
Kubrick was determined not to reproduce
the set bound artificially look
of other costume dramas from that time
After tinkering with different combinations
of lenses and film stock
The production obtained three super fast
50 millimeter lenses
Developed by Zeiss
So he experimented
with film stock
and it turned out to not work
It's a different type of film stock, too
Well, that sounded like
You're both right!
I'm willing to say I'm wrong
These lenses were first developed
by a website called Legs Lab-ish
We should all go online and check it out
I was wondering
Did you
I think probably everyone here
saw maybe that clip
of Ted Koppel talking to Sean Hannity
Is that his name?
I think you are bad
But you think we're bad
You think we're bad?
Let me talk!
I ought to punch you in your
young face
And it was he did
Ted Koppel's baller because he's the only person
up to that motherfucker on his show
Well the 70s are baller now
Woodward and Bernstein are out there
He doesn't know what side to part his hair on
He doesn't give a shit!
Because we're living in this world
that larger piece I was just watching in the green room
there was a larger thing that Ted Koppel did
that was just about the fact
and we're tired of hearing this
because what does it fucking mean?
The fact that our relationship with facts
has become
it's now subjective
we all thought in the 90s
we thought there's going to be all kinds of trouble
but it's going to be because
information is going to bleed
all together
we all anticipated all kinds of trouble
trouble like I don't know
like kiddie porn will be easier
people will be able to get away with crime more
then the government is going to want to clamp down
and thought will be a crime
it was all predicated
there was all this unspoken assumption
that information had
some kind of inherent value
it was like gold or something
the truth could be known
and that the truth was a thing
that you could back the dollar with
and you could back political accountability with
but we've been slipping
for a really long time into like
and this is just so ironic
that as the technology of communication increases
you can actually, it turns out
the truth becomes
like
a boring thing that only when you
all mist into a poison
and blow it into people's eyes
a certain way does it make them do things
like the truth and we should have seen that
coming because when I was a kid
you'd watch the news and if the news anchor
was like Nicaragua you'd be like boring flip
that country
has got a weird name and I'm like
the truth is boring
and that used to include things like healthcare
and all this stuff and we're like we don't
like it's only people that mash
it up and go like
oh boogie man
they're getting reactions and clicks
and it's like I don't know what my point is
I'm just shaking my cane at everything
Did you see other people who showed up
that had pizza gate t-shirts
this weekend in Washington
because they still believe that pizza gate is real
even though Alex Jones has come out and said
I apologize
because you only need to hear
it turns out, they told me
when I was trying to make my dog not shit in the house
and I was like
by the way I didn't want to have her own a dog
because I thought growing up in Milwaukee
I thought in order to own a dog
it meant you had to be mean to it
because how else could you possibly train a dog
to do things in turn
and then I read books and all this stuff
and I was like oh you'd never have to have
never, my dogs never experience any punishment
it's only experience reward
and it shits outside
I got off on a tangent there, I'm a great dog owner
I went to that breeder
and I said give me a great dog
sorry
but the thing that I heard
from the people that come over and go
I was like god damn it my second dog
he's hard to train
he's a little fucker
and I started learning about dog training
and she's like you can't
people come home, they see a turd
and they think you take the dog's face
and you look at the turd
that dog doesn't know what that turd is
and the dogs live in the moment
and she was like
they study this shit
and there's a window of time
during which a tiny little dog brain
can learn
it'll experience all kinds of shit
and react to it and it'll seem like your dog
is sentient
but as far as really like
connecting something new
like making a new thought
it has to be so much in the moment
that that's why trainers
associate they go
if you want to train your dog
it's like you click the clicky thing
so the dog can piggyback
the clicky thing means I did a good thing
the clicky thing also means
I get a peanut later
whatever dogs are you, I don't know
milk chocolate right, dark chocolate
they love dark chocolate
just a funnel
hey don't talk over me, it's my podcast
if you're training a dog at home
get a funnel and a barrel of dark chocolate
and it will not come back to haunt me
chicken bones, they love
tiny but tiny chickens
you have to sharpen them first
hone them to a razor's edge
but for some reason the clicky thing
the dog will go okay clicky thing means
I'm owed a cookie, I'll get a cookie later
whatever they associate it, my point is
okay so we're primates, so our window is a little longer
okay so Ben Franklin
could take all that time to discover electricity
and connect it to maybe I'll get laid if this
key glows
like we have a long term
but we don't really
we call it sentience because we can connect dots
from very far away, we're like
maybe if I get this car, maybe if I
blah blah blah, it's like we can connect things
so much further that we think we're superior animals
but we can't learn piano after
are you kidding me
it's a mathematical fact
nothing turns a woman on
by more than a glowing key
we fucking love that
Ben Franklin
it's just rattling
the
but that Ted
couple thing awoke me to the fact that it was like
awoke me, what am I
you can't learn
I knew what you meant
we
it only takes a certain amount of time before
you can encounter something and then you decide
it's true and you kind of
it kind of bakes into your
your brain and we're all
aware of the fact that
facts are the kinds of things that can
be like proven wrong
and all this stuff but we
but that's different from things that we believe
like we have like this kind of
it's just sad really
because where were we
when we learned to be
like whatever we are that kind of
drives everything else that we do because it's
driving on how we consume information and then
we're certain of things
I feel like what we just saw
with these lens nazis
for it
just to use it as an example
it's a it's a thing lens nazis
I'm not
saying you're anti-semitic I'm just saying if lenses were
Jews
Zeishal
motherfuckers Zeishal
or a film stock a film stock were Jews you'd be like
fuck the film stock does not matter
it's the Zeish the Zeish
I fuck Vanessa
the rocket the rocket would take us
to the thing I go oh my god shangha
my god um anyways
this
what we saw is that I was a better person because
I let them in I was like me
I was like lenses for sure right
and they were like
yeah but fuck your film stock
turned out I was wrong I think right
didn't it turn out I was wrong no we found
that everybody was right
everybody was right we were all right
but we're not all right when it comes to
whether or not you should have a
horrible dictator in charge of your country
who's like murder
things like we're all having fun with this circus because
we're going like oh the health care
and you look like a fool and here's the meme
of you but dude fucking like
are we ever gonna get confirmation on whether that attack
like kill like 200 fucking
just regular people
like like we're all like
he just ran the whole time he never said
he never said oh I think I'm gonna do
a little bit with this and a little bit with he said
I'm gonna fucking murder people
I'm gonna fucking kill ISIS I'm gonna
step it up and we voted
and voted and voted and whatever blah blah blah
now he's we're just we're murdering that
was the shit that Obama did that he gets
criticized for is like yeah this is part of being
president you send a drone and like an Amazon
thing
there's a little half a mosque sorry we got the half a
mosque sorry for the half a mosque
very difficult to draw down troops
and not use drones
and so now this dude
is just like just forget that nuclear button
I mean don't forget it we're all gonna die that way
but like in the meantime
there's a little morphine button that you just get
hand a drone drone drone drone drone
it's not like he was gonna put that in the drawer
and now the drone drawer
drone drawer was already open though
no I'm not
this is the thing like I don't fucking yeah
I know people are telling me
oh Hillary in the emails
and the Obama and Obama did this
you can hear my podcast
goes back years I was never like pro Obama
while Obama was president
I hate politicians they're fucking corrupt pieces of shit
why did they become politicians now we all
miss this motherfucker
it's like it's a corrupt politician
who cares the country was working and there's
a little bit of an admission there where you go like
I don't care a little bit of like blood from
poor people I'll never meet and was like
oh it goes into my toilet paper and my butt
feels so good
we do have to own that
show brown in your butthole
I swear to god
he's already seen a white man's butthole
he doesn't need to
sorry what were you gonna say I derailed you
well I don't know I mean here's the thing
it's not like politicians are uniformly
shit it's that we you know we get
politicians like we get artists or rock stars
or singers some are great
some make you dance and they bring you together
and you fucking celebrate when you see him
and some people just sound like bullshit
they don't hear their songs anymore
and you want to turn them off but you give them the right
to do what they do so
I think
you were talking about mirroring earlier
and this is the deal is that if you do
actually listen to people with what people are
saying and you empathize
you don't rely on the news as much
because you hear on the ground
what's actually going on if you actually listen
to your neighbor talk to you about
what's going on in their life and
you know how hard it is for them
if you do that then you turn on the news
and you see that unemployment is supposedly
not as bad as it is
then you know that's a fucking lie
same thing goes for when you listen to politicians
I look at politicians in a very different way
because I've always been a democrat
so I look at the democratic party
as a totally different thing than just like a bunch
of people lying
that's it
but what are we supposed to do in Las Files is like
go over to Amy Mann's house and find out she doesn't like the pot hole
and
her neighborhood is doing okay
we have a ton of homeless in Las Files
they live in the park during that
I almost killed Amy Mann
she was coming around the corner
on avocado and commonwealth
at the speed of light on a beach cruiser
she almost drove right into my car
and she went zoom right past me
I was like
I almost killed Amy Mann
I saw you because she was like
you almost killed me and you were like
bitch don't tell me to hush hush
keep it down now
I don't care
whether your voice is carry or not
that's a chill Tuesday reference
only four people in this audience will get
it's on the flash dance soundtrack
you'll love it
I just got kicked out of all the black sites
what's going on in black
twitter can you tell me
we're pretty quiet right now
that's been our show thank you
we're just
waiting to see what y'all do
we're quiet
how do I get into black twitter
is it like hogwarts
do I have to like
I think you have to walk through a doorway
but you have to believe in it
you have fans on black twitter
well I mean if what you mean
is that I have a handful of
very very heroic black people
that enjoy my work and my podcast
that doesn't make black people heroes
I'm biased
but I feel like
seasonings are what make black people heroes
seven original spices
that is the kind of
down home charm you'll only get on black twitter
if I said that it would be dismissive
last night I saved a motherfuckers life
with some kind of
I'm a hero
alright how do we close
a show like this what's going on
I think we just slowly walk away
I still haven't picked up my gun
do they expire
do the guns expire
do they like
don't get a gun man
it's still gonna rob you
it takes heart
you don't have heart
I'm gonna be like don't shoot me dad I just want your shit
all you dumb motherfuckers should have shot me
I thought I was doing a hilarious bit
you ain't got no heart man
we had a meeting at Dan's house
and Dan has Batman cameras everywhere
you can be in Dan's place and see
everybody walking up to the house
so I came up knowing that Dan might be armed
and I came up
hands in the air
wearing a suit
on button my suit stood up
turned around
and thinking that everybody would be laughing
inside watching it nobody was
the cameras were on
you should have said hands up
nice suit
hands up nice suit
no justice
no pleas
no peace
I thought he said no pleats
I said no pleats
you said no pleats
look I don't want to
tell you your job for you but I don't know
what kind of laugh you're waiting for to close the show
we're never gonna recreate that
say something
tell us a hilarious joke
maybe something racially charged
I don't know what do you got
a black guy
and a white guy
go into a bar together
and the bartender
is behind a curtain so you can't tell what race he is
something a good bar
so you just hear a voice
he just says what would each of you
like to drink
and the white guy says why are you doing that voice
and the bartender says
I'm trying to disguise
my voice
I don't want you to know what
race I am
and the black guy is like
he sounds to me transylvanian
and the white guy says that's not a race
now you're
on to something what is a race
and the white guy says I know what a race is
and you give me a free drink if I can prove it
and the bartender says okay
and the black guy says
I know what race is
and I'll give you two
I'll have two drinks
I get two drinks if I can prove it
and the white guy takes his drink
and he drinks it and he says race
is an amalgamation of
geotypical
phenotypical
genetic traits
and he goes on and on
and the black guy says
give me my two drinks
and he says race is an artificial construct
and then he takes the bar
and he rips it
like the hulk out of the floor
and he
throws it through the wall
and he tears down the curtain
and the bartender is a dog
Thank you for coming to Harmon Chow
Let's hear it for Brandon Johnson everybody
Rob Schwab
We're going to be in Chicago next week
so fly down to Chicago
if you're in Chicago
buy tickets to Chicago
Let's hear it for Zac McKeever, Kris Boruffff backstage
making everything cool
Kevin Day back in Chicago
making all the live streaming happen
I'm Jeff Davis, the Comptroller
Mayor Dan Harmon, thank you so much everybody
Try fast
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show